docs: ENSv2-focused refinements (#2099)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/integrate/hosted-instances.mdx

These instances are provided free of charge with no API key required, have no rate limiting, and are maintained and monitored by the NameHash Labs team.

### Available instance configurations

> Each ENSNode hosted instance is configured for a specific ENS namespace and activated ENSNode plugins. The ENS namespace is the source of truth for the data indexed by the instance, and the activated ENSNode plugins determine the specific data model for indexing and querying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each ENSNode hosted instance is configured for a specific ENS namespace and activated ENSNode plugins. The ENS namespace is the source of truth for the data indexed by the instance, and the activated ENSNode plugins determine the specific data model produced by indexing and available for querying.
```

> Each ENS namespace is defined by onchain state as per implemented ENS protocol version (i.e. ENSv1, ENSv2). Currently, ENSNode supports the following ENS namespaces:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each ENS namespace is associated with a particular ENS root registry deployment, which may or may not have completed the transition from ENSv1 to ENSv2. Currently, ENSNode supports the following ENS namespaces:
```

- ENSv2 Sepolia
- ENSv1 Mainnet

> - ENSv1 Sepolia

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `mainnet` (ENSv1)
- `sepolia` (ENSv1)
- `sepolia-v2` (An independent deployment of ENS to Sepolia that is already upgraded to ENSv2)
- `ens-test-env` (A deployment of ENSv2 to a local Anvil chain for development and testing. For details see https://github.com/ensdomains/ens-test-env and https://github.com/ensdomains/contracts-v2)

More details about ENS namespaces can be found inside [ENSNode's datasources package](https://github.com/namehash/ensnode/tree/main/packages/datasources).
```

### ENSv2 instances

> These instances demonstrate the latest ENSv2 support in ENSNode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These instances are associated with an ENS namespace that has upgraded to ENSv2 and demonstrate the latest ENSv2 support in ENSNode.
```

#### ENSNode 'v2 Sepolia'

<HostedEnsNodeInstances
  instanceURL="https://api.v2-sepolia.ensnode.io"
  connectWithENSAdminURL="https://admin.ensnode.io/connection?connection=https%3A%2F%2Fapi.v2-sepolia.ensnode.io"
  namespace="sepolia-v2"
  plugins="ensv2, protocol-acceleration"

>   purpose="Preview of ENSNode's support for the ENS V2 Sepolia namespace."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  purpose="Demonstration of ENSNode's support for an ENS namespace that has already transitioned to ENSv2."
```

/>

## ENSv1 Instances

> These instances demonstrate the ENS V1 support in ENSNode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These instances are associated with an ENS namespace that has **NOT** upgraded to ENSv2 yet and are still operating under ENSv1. These demonstrate how the ENS Omnigraph API, enssdk, enskit, and full the stack of ENSNode services provide support to developers to become ENSv2 ready even before ENSv2 launches.
```

  instanceURL="https://api.alpha.ensnode.io"
  connectWithENSAdminURL="https://admin.ensnode.io/connection?connection=https%3A%2F%2Fapi.alpha.ensnode.io"
  namespace="mainnet"
  plugins="subgraph, basenames, lineanames, threedns, ensv2, protocol-acceleration, registrars, tokenscope"

>   purpose="Demonstration of ENSNode's multichain ENS indexing capability for the ENS V1 namespace rooted on Mainnet. Provides a superset of the data indexed by the ENS Subgraph. Offers a preview of ENS Protocol Acceleration."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  purpose="Demonstration of ENSNode's multichain ENS indexing capability for an ENS namespace (mainnet) that is still operating ENSv1. Experience how the ENS Omnigraph API, enssdk, enskit, and full the stack of ENSNode services provide support to developers to become ENSv2 ready even before ENSv2 launches. Provides a superset of the data indexed by the ENS Subgraph. Offers a preview of ENS Protocol Acceleration."
```

  instanceURL="https://api.alpha-sepolia.ensnode.io"
  connectWithENSAdminURL="https://admin.ensnode.io/connection?connection=https%3A%2F%2Fapi.alpha-sepolia.ensnode.io"
  namespace="sepolia"
  plugins="subgraph, basenames, lineanames, registrars, ensv2, protocol-acceleration"

>   purpose="Demonstration of ENSNode's multichain ENS indexing capability for the ENS V1 namespace rooted on Sepolia. Provides a superset of the data indexed by the ENS Subgraph. Offers a preview of ENS Protocol Acceleration."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  purpose="Demonstration of ENSNode's multichain ENS indexing capability for an ENS namespace (sepolia) that is still operating ENSv1. Experience how the ENS Omnigraph API, enssdk, enskit, and full the stack of ENSNode services provide support to developers to become ENSv2 ready even before ENSv2 launches. Provides a superset of the data indexed by the ENS Subgraph. Offers a preview of ENS Protocol Acceleration."
```
